feat: add local data for testing (#19)
alexandre-daubois/ember: CONTRIBUTING.md

  model/             State management, derived metrics, percentiles
  ui/                Bubble Tea TUI components (dashboard, tables, graphs)
  exporter/          Prometheus metrics export

>   local/             Local data for testing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
local/             Local data for testing
```

> ```
> 
> > [!NOTE]
> > You can start a local Caddy instance for fast testing
> > cd local && make local

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> [!NOTE]
> You can start a local FrankenPHP instance for fast testing:
>
> ```bash
> cd local && make local
> ```
```
